#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via webscout
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webscout
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   markdownify
    #   seleniumbase
behave==1.2.6
    # via seleniumbase
brotli==1.1.0
    # via webscout
bson==0.5.10
    # via webscout
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   curl-cffi
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
cffi==1.17.1
    # via curl-cffi
chardet==5.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudscraper==1.2.71
    # via webscout
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   webscout
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via seleniumbase
curl-cffi==0.11.4
    # via webscout
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via nodriver
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
environs==14.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via seleniumbase
execnet==2.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
fake-useragent==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi[standard]==0.115.13
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
fasteners==0.19
    # via seleniumbase
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   seleniumbase
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.173.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via webscout
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
gradio-client==1.10.3
    # via webscout
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   seleniumbase
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
hf-xet==1.1.4
    # via huggingface-hub
html5lib==1.1
    # via webscout
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio-client
    #   ollama
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.33.0
    # via gradio-client
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via wasmtime
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
lxml==5.4.0
    # via webscout
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
markdownify==1.1.0
    # via webscout
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   seleniumbase
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via environs
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   seleniumbase
mistune==3.1.3
    # via webscout
mouseinfo==0.1.3
    # via pyautogui
mss==10.0.0
    # via nodriver
multidict==6.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mycdp==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via webscout
nodriver==0.46.1
    # via webscout
numpy==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ollama==0.5.1
    # via webscout
openai==1.88.0
    # via webscout
orjson==3.10.18
    # via webscout
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   seleniumbase
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   seleniumbase
parse-type==0.6.4
    # via
    #   behave
    #   seleniumbase
pdbp==1.7.0
    # via seleniumbase
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyscreeze
    #   webscout
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via seleniumbase
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via webscout
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pyautogui==0.9.54
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   ollama
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygetwindow==0.0.9
    # via pyautogui
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
pymsgbox==1.0.9
    # via pyautogui
pynose==1.5.4
    # via seleniumbase
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   cloudscraper
    #   httplib2
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via mouseinfo
pyrect==0.2.0
    # via pygetwindow
pyscreeze==1.0.1
    # via pyautogui
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-ordering
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-html==4.0.2
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-ordering==0.6
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-rerunfailures==15.0
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via seleniumbase
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via bson
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   environs
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via fastapi
python-xlib==0.33
    # via seleniumbase
python3-xlib==0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mouseinfo
    #   pyautogui
pytweening==1.2.0
    # via pyautogui
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   seleniumbase
    #   uvicorn
    #   webscout
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cloudscraper
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   seleniumbase
    #   webscout
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via cloudscraper
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   seleniumbase
    #   typer
    #   webscout
rich-toolkit==0.14.7
    # via fastapi-cli
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
sbvirtualdisplay==1.4.0
    # via seleniumbase
selenium==4.30.0
    # via seleniumbase
seleniumbase==4.36.5
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   behave
    #   bson
    #   html5lib
    #   markdownify
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-xlib
    #   seleniumbase
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   seleniumbase
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tabcompleter==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   seleniumbase
tls-client==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
trio==0.29.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
typer==0.16.0
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
wasmtime==33.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
webscout==8.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   webscout
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   nodriver
    #   seleniumbase
    #   uvicorn
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   webscout
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via webscout

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
